Bursts of lightning and sickish green rays could be seen in the dark clouds above as the battle raged on. The allied troops had made a spearhead into the center of the Ring of Demise. Both Hescan and Elven troops have taken severe casualties to get to this point, and victory still seemed so far away. On an overlook, the generals meet to prepare for the final part of this great battle. The Hescan King looked to his Oracle and stood there, awaiting the arrival of the Elven Leaders. Mere moments later, the sky parted as a massive dragon, at least twice the size of all the others, parted the clouds above them and perched on the hillside next to them. Off of the dragon stepped a man in shining golden armor lined with the elves' signature bronze. The Hescan king looked at both the dragon and man as he started speaking, “Our troops have managed to give us an opening but we cant hold it for much longer, if we are going to move we need to go now”. The elf took off his Helmet and answered, “The dragon riders are occupied with clearing the skies of these undead abominations he has conjured, and we are the only ones that aren't currently engaged in battle. If this is going to happen it needs to be some of us here.” Both Oracle and the king stood in silence as the sounds of battle raged on in the skies above, the land below and the seas surrounding them. The elf spoke up once more, “Me and Rytys shall deal with Vecna, you and your Oracle need to stay here and command the armies”. The Oracle takes a step forward saying in a shaky voice “ You can't possibly do it on your own, he is a god and you might be powerful, but you will die if you fight him. I have seen it”. Ramiel looks at both king and Oracle as he puts his helmet back on “We Know”

Ramiel mounts Rytys once more and they start heading towards the center Island. As they fly over the ocean they see countless thousands of men, elves and undead locked in a deadly battle on both the seas and land. They all knew what they had come here to do, but also the risk of this venture. They were the only ones to answer the call when the world needed them most, and today most of them would die for it. These thoughts passed through both Ramiel and Rytys' mind as they approached the central island. Their thinking had to be put on hold as tens of undead abominations dived at them from the skies, several mounted by Death knights that were clearly powerful. Ramiel was about to draw his weapon and Rytys simply told him to spare his strength. Moments before the undead collided with the duo streaks of lightning hit the pack and both dragon’s and their riders engaged the undead in mounted combat. Ramiel knew most of them wouldn't make it out alive but they had given them the breathing room they needed to get to the being behind all this death. Ramiel looked ahead with a new sense of determination and asked “you ready to kill a god?”

Sickly green rays of necrotic energy flew throughout the air hitting much of the surroundings and the duo were kept on their heels as they dodged. The battle had been going for a while now and they had both taken wounds that won't heal, but so had the undead monster that was Vecna. They both noticed that Vecna strained more and more as he cast his spells throughout the battle, but it wasn't enough to give them the upper-hand. they knew a single ray of magic could kill either one of them so there was no salvation to be found in wearing the god down, they had to find a moment to land a critical strike at the god. After a lightning breath hit vecna’s arcane shield and nearly broke it, Ramiel rushed towards the dazzled god. He swung his sword and felt it rip through the skeletal figure. Vecna staggered back and quickly teleported to the other side of the ruins and it was soon followed by a cackle from the undead being. The skies above the duo seemed to disappear as it was filled with several meteors. They had both seen this before but not at this scale, there were at least a dozen of them and they were all twice as big. Rytys shot another round of lightning cutting one of the meteors in two and thus protecting himself, meanwhile Ramiel was caught in the middle of it. Ramiel dodged and weaved between massive meteors but it was too much. A meteor hit right next him scorching him in fire and sending debris that shattered his left leg and several ribs.

The dust was still obscuring the area when the duo moved as one. Rytys clawed at Vecna, keeping the god moving and Ramiel rushed at him from the side even while being severely wounded. As Ramiel got close Vecna lost his focus causing Rytys to land a clean hit on him with his giant claws. Vecna was sent flying across the ruins, and the duo wasted no time in continuing their assault. Vecna stood up, this time filled with anger and summoned his power into a single ray of destructive magic. Vecna unleashed his rage and the magic flew towards the duo, and they barely dodged it. The mountain in the distance wasn't so lucky and was cut in half by the wounded god’s rage.

Ramiel stood up after having just gotten hit by a ray of necrotic magic coupled with a storm of fire that washed over him. Rytys had distracted Vecna enough so that he could recuperate, but Ramiel didn't know what more he could give to this fight. Ramiel stood up on shaky legs and entered the battle once more.

Rytys knew that he had to finish this fight now, if he didn't they would surely lose, so he decided to put all his remaining energy and magic into one breath attack that he hoped would be enough to finish the weakened god off. Vecna seeing this and not sitting idly channeled magic into a spell that would kill the wounded elder-dragon. Ramiel watched this happen and realized the last thing he could give in this fight. His life. As the spell was launched towards the unprotected Rytys, it was intercepted by Ramiel, taking the full brunt of the spell turning his body into nothing more than ash. Rytys was ready and he would not let his Soulbound’s life be in vain. Rytys gave his all against the Magical barrier Vecna had conjured, but after a moment both Vecna and Rytys it wouldn't be enough. The barrier cracked, but did not break completely.

Vecna said his first words to the mortally wounded Rytys. “Nothing but an attack from that of a god could break this barrier and you are no god, Weakling”. The words were filled with spite and Vecna gladly sent another ray of necrotic energy that ended Rytys’s life. A minute after the battle was over guttural casting could be heard from the Undead god. As it stopped Rytys eyes opened once more this time with a sickly green.

The oracle fell to his knees and held his hands over his face in terror over what would happen. The king looked at him as if to speak but was interrupted by a gust of wind coming from a landing dragon. He tried to convince them, he told them they would die and they still went to fight. He had failed, and now the world would be cast in darkness by this vile god.

As Rytys charged up his breath attack to kill Vecna, he knew it most likely wouldn't work. Rytys prepared himself for what came next as a powerful spell was unleashed by Vecna. It was then he heard it, “Finish it Brother” and Ramiel was struck down in his place right in front of him. His rage built and the power surged into this last ditch attack, but suddenly there was more power he could draw from, he felt complete.

Vecna watched as the lightning in the dragon’s mouth changed from blue to a vibrant purple, and it shot out towards him. It crashed against the barrier and cracks started to form, Vecna felt fear for the first time in centuries as the barrier broke and he was turned into nothingness. The lightning didn't stop there, it kept going, splitting both island and sea in half for hundreds of kilometres, and when it stopped all that was heard was the anguished cry of a Dragon.