**Vira & Kani**

Aleron had been sitting in front of his mirror for the past few hours looking over the events of the past few days on the material plane while absent mindedly following along the events of the fight in Cretara which was about to come to a close. The portal was moments from closing as Vira walked up and started channeling soul magic to keep it open. Aleron found it slightly amusing if anything. Moments later as Vira became the victim of Demogorgon’s Ire the last 2 exited the portal just as their airship arrived. 

The fighting outside the portal was equally brutal as within but seeing the last 2 come out of the portal as it closed they luckily had no intention of staying there any longer. Aleron sat there and watched Kani climb the ladder of the airship to safety, and felt a semblance of gratitude to Vira for getting this “Rydel” out of there. He feared that if he died she would become less willing to do his bidding and he couldn't have that be the case. Regardless, Kani had proven her words to be true. There may be beings in the material plane capable of stopping the upcoming cataclysm or at the very least delay it as they had done with this venture. He would uphold his part of the deal as she had upheld hers, so far at least. Alreon stood up from his chair with a slight smile on his face as there was but one more thing for him to do.

Aleron stepped out of the portal and stepped on the warm ashen covered rocks. This place smelled foul, almost rotten, and it was also uncomfortably warm. In front of him lay the body of Vira and only a few scant meters away stood the Prince of Demons wounded, exhausted and soon it would learn to fear his power. Aleron hunched down over Vira’s cold lifeless eyes and said “Poor old Vira, if only you had shown more devotion to me, maybe then you would have seen the victory you fought so hard for. “ Demogorgon lashed out towards him but found nothing but air as he was in the blink of an eye further away.  Aleron continued “ regardless of your misgivings I won't let anyone else have you or your gifts, for those are mine.”  He placed his hands on her forehead and reclaimed what was his.

Demogorgon rushed at Aleron as it lashed out with its tentacles and tried to dominate him but he merely brushed off the hit with his conjured shield and the dominating with willpower alone. Aleron lifted both his hands as he conjured his Ethereal guardians on both sides of the Prince of Demons. Aleron noticed that he had to draw more energy to summon them than normally. Even with the effort it took to summon them they started hammering the Prince of Demons like he intended. As Demogorgon was brought to his knees after the short and futile struggle, Aleron stood before him with his hands outstretched as he started to hum as he channelled magic. Aleron felt his magic breaking through Demogorgon’s defences ever so slightly when well over a dozen void like chains spewed from the ground ripping his guardians to bits in moments and him as well if he hadn't brought his barrier up in time. His hold on Demogorgon was breaking rapidly and Aleron knew it wasn't going to work. The relentless onslaught continued and he felt himself straining to hold the barrier up as he continually fed it more magic. As the cracks started to appear he sighed with resignation and teleported back to his tower. He took a single step forward and felt the exhaustion hit him. he fell to the floor as he said to himself "You don't like people playing with your toys either i suppose"